README.md, before:

# apas_75
_... connecting Starships!_

## About
The goal is to have a small program which updates the [Starship](https://starship.rs/)
configuration after each command, based on different theme config files that override / 
extend the main configuration.  
Similar the config `ZSH_THEME="random"` of [_Oh My Zsh_](https://ohmyz.sh/).

## Status
Basic functionality should work. This is the bare minimum.
Still working on making this program really useable.

For concrete TODOs, see [TODO.md](TODO.md).

## Usage
**Hint:** Starship configuration needs to be located at `~/.config/starship.toml`.

1. Edit your Starship configuration file. Insert the following indicators at where the custom
   config should be inserted:
   ```toml
   ### apas_75 theme start ###
   ### apas_75 theme end ###
   ```
2. Create custom theme file(s) in `~/.config/` with file names matching `starship-theme-[THEME NAME].toml`.
   Each time _apas\_75_ is called, one of the theme files will be inserted where the indicators of
   step 1 have been set.
3. Run _apas\_75_.
4. If you want to update the Starship config after every command, add _apas\_75_ as a precommand function.
   This differs for each shell.

   e.g. _fish_:
   ```fish
   function call_apas_75 --on-event fish_preexec
      # Call apas_75 executable here
   end
   ``` 

## What does _APAS-75_ mean?
The [APAS-75](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Androgynous_Peripheral_Attach_System#APAS-75)
is a spacecraft docking mechanism, developed by soviet and american engineers. It was 
built to connect an Apollo and a Soyuz spacecraft during the _Apollo–Soyuz Test Project_.  
By "adapting" multiple _Starship_ theme files, you could say that this project aims for
something similar.

## Testimonials

> this could have been a 10 line bash script!  
> _~ a co-worker_

## License
This code is licensed under the MIT-License (see [LICENSE](LICENSE)).

Commit message:

feat: Restructuring the whole project
- It is way more comfortable to make use of Starships
  `STARSHIP_CONFIG` environment variable.
- Therefore the whole project has been restructured to change this
  variable before each command instead of slapping together multiple
  files.
- Updated the whole project
- Updated doc

README.md, after:

# apas_75
_... connecting Starships!_

## About
The goal is to have a small program which updates the [Starship](https://starship.rs/)
configuration after each command, based on multiple Starship config files.
Similar the `ZSH_THEME="random"`-config of [_Oh My Zsh_](https://ohmyz.sh/).

## Status
Basic functionality should work. This is the bare minimum.
Still working on making this program really useable.

For concrete TODOs, see [TODO.md](TODO.md).

## Usage
1. Create a folder `~/.config/apas_75/`.
2. Create Starship themes in the new folder (or move existing ones).
3. Ensure that your shell executes the stdout of _apas\_75_ before or after each command.
   This differs for each shell.

   e.g. _fish_:
   ```fish
   function call_apas_75 --on-event fish_preexec
      eval $(apas_75)
   end
   ```

## Currently supported shells
Currently only:

- `zsh` and
- `fish`

I'll may extend this, depending on who else will use it someday.

## What does _APAS-75_ mean?
The [APAS-75](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Androgynous_Peripheral_Attach_System#APAS-75)
is a spacecraft docking mechanism, developed by soviet and american engineers. It was 
built to connect an Apollo and a Soyuz spacecraft during the _Apollo–Soyuz Test Project_.
By "adapting" multiple _Starship_ theme files, you could say that this project aims for
something similar.

## Testimonials

> "this could have been a 10 line bash script!" ~ my co-worker

## License
This code is licensed under the MIT-License (see [LICENSE](LICENSE)).
